docs: add missing release note for Tyk Operator v1.0.0 security policy webhook removal (#1988)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: developer-support/release-notes/operator.mdx

If the license is missing, invalid, or expired, Tyk Operator will exit with an error message. Ensure that you carefully review the setup steps to avoid any issues during the upgrade or installation process.

> **Admission Webhook Removal:** The admission webhook for security policy (`validate-tyk-tyk-io-v1alpha1-securitypolicy`) has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Admission Webhook Removal:** The admission webhook for security policy (`validate-tyk-tyk-io-v1alpha1-securitypolicy`) has been removed. No action is required from users, and existing `SecurityPolicy` CRDs and resources remain fully supported and unaffected.
```

The underlying Go runtime for Tyk Operator has been updated to version 1.22. This upgrade brings performance improvements, enhanced security, and compatibility with the latest Go libraries, ensuring Tyk Operator remains efficient and secure in production environments.
</Expandable>

<Expandable title='Admission Webhook for SecurityPolicy Removed'>

> The admission webhook for the security policy (`validate-tyk-tyk-io-v1alpha1-securitypolicy`) has been removed because it did not perform any functional validation. This change simplifies the operator deployment and reduces webhook overhead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The admission webhook for the security policy (`validate-tyk-tyk-io-v1alpha1-securitypolicy`) has been removed because it did not perform any functional validation. This change simplifies deployment of Tyk Operator and reduces webhook overhead.
```

> The admission webhook for security policy (`validate-tyk-tyk-io-v1alpha1-securitypolicy`) has been removed as it was not performing any functional validation. This change simplifies the operator deployment and reduces webhook overhead. No action is required from users, and existing `SecurityPolicy` CRDs and resources remain fully supported and unaffected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The admission webhook for the security policy (`validate-tyk-tyk-io-v1alpha1-securitypolicy`) has been removed because it did not perform any functional validation. This change simplifies the operator deployment and reduces webhook overhead.
```
